Personal Data
Name: Amna Memon
Father Name: Muhammad Hassan
Roll No:- 2k18/CSM/17
Assignment: Software Engineering 
Submitted To: Sir Gulsher Laghari
Topic No:01 (Building Trust iN the trustable) 
Authors:- This paper was written by Barbora Buhnova, Thomas Kuhn, Emillia Cloracia & Daniel Schnelder. 
Venue:- University of california at Irvine, USA. 
Date:- Friday, 10 July 2020 on 42nd International conference on software Engineering. 
Abstract:- The abstract of this topic is autonomous vehicles are more dangerous than humans because human always works as an individual,  so the gravity of mishap is not so high because it’s limited to few people but the fault in autonomous vehicle system will lead you to the wholesome disaster intialiting an unstopable chain of deaths.  For that,  we first need to upgrade the quality of software in order to make sure that whatever we are driving will not lead to such dangerous mishaps in the scenario of trusting.  Trust is major concert deriving out society,  trust plays a major key role in adoption of various inovations. Although the automatic driving would decrease the number of accident accidently. To compute the level of trust we use different multitude of methods & regarding a qunatified reputation,  scholors divide trust into two types,  belief based trust & computation based trust. 
Belief Based Trust:- The term trust based belief change refers to belief change that depands on the degree of trust,  the receiver has in the source of information. 
Computation Based Trust:- Belief that capable of competence based trust to tell the information in full of competence based trust. 
Moral & Emotional Aspects Of Trust:- Moral & emotional aspects of trust play major role in most of the ethical decisions people make. Most people don’t realize how much their emotions direct their moral choices but experts think it is impossible to make any important moral judgements without emotions. 
Trust In Automated Systems:- Trust, a social psychological concept seems particularly important for understanding human automation partnerships.  People do have multiple of studies for the human trust in autonomous system. 
Historical Adoption Of Technology:- Previously people don’t know much about the use of these technologies even people don’t aware about technologies but after using some techniques,  they used to live in the sea & finally they used to live in space with the help of super technology,  this is all about the adoption of technology. 
Conclusion:- Conclusion of this topic is that we can use products & services unconciously even we don’t know much about technologies too in olden time,  now people are technically trained too & we should be familier in regard of technology or simply we should be eventually technically smart in this modern time.  
Topic No:02 (An Emperical Study of quick remedy commits) 
Authors:- This paper was written by Fengcai wen, Csaba Nagy,  Michele Lanza Gabriete Bavota. 
Venue:-  Software Institute. 
Research Interests:- Software & it’s engineering software libraries & repositories,  Software Engineering tools. 
Abstract:- Software system are continously modified to implement new features,  to fix bugs & to improve quality attributes. Most of these activities are not atomic changes but the rather the result of several related changes affecting different parts of the code,  for this reason it may happen that developers omit.  Some of the needed changes,  with quick remedy commits we refer to commit that (i)  quick follow a commit performed the same developer in the same reposity & (ii) aim at remedying issues introduce as the result of code changes omitted in the previous commit. 
Conclusion:- Simply,  conclusion of this topic is that quick remedy commits as commits performed by developers in Github projects. We defined quick remedy commits as commits performed by developers to changes omitted or errors introduced in a previous commit,  our study is based on the manual analysis of 500 commits, and summarized the logic also automatic bug fixing,  automatic identification of omitted changes,  learning coding conventions & automatic software documentation these all. 
Topic No:03 (Testing of mobile applications in the wild: A large scale emperical study on andriod apps) 
Authors:- This paper was written by Fabiano Parcorelli, Gemma Catolino, Filomena Ferucci,  Andrea De Lucia, Fabio Palomba. 
Venue:- University of salerno (Itlay)  
Date:- Mon, 13 July 2020.
Research Interests:- Emperical software engineering efforts estimation fault predication,  search best software engineering,  human computer interaction. 
Abstract:- By summing this we can understand that sofware testing plays a important role in advance technology,  software testing improves the quality of technology also. The usage of mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets are playing a important role in everyday life.  By the use of these software advancement mobile apps are available in popular market places like apple, app store & google play store & delevering the high quality apps. Software testing is one of the most relevent and well established methods to control the source quality & to enable the understand ability of the functionalities being implemented in a system. 
On Integration & System Testing:- System testing is a level of testing where the application as a whole,  is tested for it’s compliance to functional & non-functional requirements.  Whereas,  in integration testing,  we test the interfacing between the modules which are interconnected with each other. 
Enabling Testing Of Non-Functional Attributes:- In software system enginering, a software requirement that describes not what the software will do، but how the software will do it,  for example, software performance requirements software external interface,  design constraints & software quality attributes,  non-functional requirements are difficult to test,  therefore,  they are usually evaluated. 
The Test Quality Of Mobile Apps Is Low:- The test quality of mobile apps is very much low in previous times because people don’t aware about much more these technologies,  now each and every person have mobile,  now importance of mobile phones in our everyday life & activities is unending.  This is so bacause these is ongoing tremendous transformation in that mobile phones are no longer the ordinary communication device it used to be. There are still two key limitations (i)  none of them has been actually tested in the content of mobile apps.  So their accuracy is unknown in the existing detectors have limited detection capabilities. 
Conclusion:- By summing up this topic we can understand that we give a brief over view of their studies which were all conducted on the android  apps from the google play market,  since it is one of the most active app markets today.  Mobile apps better known as apps are applications are developed to run on mobile devices.  Such as,  smart phones & tablets among others.  Typically,  these apps are publically available in online app stores.  Such as the amazon apps store for android,  the apples app store for IOS the google play store for andriod.  In depth emperical study are needed in order to shape and direct future software engineering research for mobile apps. # assignment1
